Update system-integration.md (#2298)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/system-integration/system-integration.md

#### Zapier

This [article](https://tech.forums.softwareag.com/t/cumulocity-iot-google-spreadsheet-no-code-integration-guide/287731&) explains how to integrate {{< product-c8y-iot >}} with Google Sheets to automatically export sensor data for further analysis.

#### n8n.io

> This [article](https://tech.forums.softwareag.com/t/data-integration-options-with-cumulocity-iot/263884) explains how to create a multi-step automation for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} alarms, generating Zendesk tickets and SMS notifications based on severity.

Reviewer: URL needs to be corrected here : https://tech.forums.softwareag.com/t/integration-guide-sending-cumulocity-iot-alarms-to-zendisk-twilio-using-n8n/288085

> This [article](https://tech.forums.softwareag.com/t/data-integration-options-with-cumulocity-iot/263884) explains how to create a multi-step automation for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} alarms, generating Zendesk tickets and SMS notifications based on severity.

Author: ```suggestion
This [article]( https://tech.forums.softwareag.com/t/integration-guide-sending-cumulocity-iot-alarms-to-zendisk-twilio-using-n8n/288085) explains how to create a multi-step automation for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} alarms, generating Zendesk tickets and SMS notifications based on severity.
```
